add shipping + taxes in budget section (#152)
hackclub/winter: docs/README.md

## Budget

> What will you be buying, from who, and how much does it cost? Please include shipping and taxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What materials will you need for your project? Where will you get them? How much does it cost? Please include all materials, including components you already own. Make sure to factor in shipping costs and sales tax.
```
